feat: allow login to non-db contracts (#185)
NearSocial/VM: CHANGELOG.md

# Changelog

## TBD
- Made optional to logout the wallet selector when connecting to a contract different from `config.contractName`

>   - To enable this feature, pass the allowOtherContracts flag to the config parameter of initNear: `initNear({networkId, selector, config: { allowOtherContracts: true }} )`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - To enable this feature, pass the allowOtherContracts flag to the config parameter of initNear: `initNear({networkId, selector, allowOtherContracts: { contractId: 'example.testnet' }} )`
```
